
# SkyOfSteel 0.1.6 Released!
<sup>Posted 11/23/19 by ForLoveOfCats</sup>


<br>
<br>


SkyOfSteel 0.1.6 is a maintenance update intended to fix some major
issues and add some minor improvements while 0.2 is in
development. This release actually contains some disabled and
unfinished 0.2 content and features.

Something to note is that SkyOfSteel no longer natively supports
modding. This is an important change driven by a number of reasons and
annoyances.

* Mod support limits gameplay opportunities and complicates the
  codebase.
* Supporting mods thus far has proven a large cost sink with little
  gain. I would estimate that a good 60%-75% of development time was
  spent solely working on mod support. This is work that does not
  directly add to gameplay value.
* The existing mod support is honestly not that good. My original
  vision for mods was to allow these great sweeping changes to
  gameplay, whole new gamemodes, imaginative weapons, completely new
  features, ect. However to allow that in a ergonomic way is a great
  deal of work and while SkyOfSteel was most of the way there it was
  in a really janky way due to the level of modability I wanted to
  achieve.
* The existing mod support required special modifications to Godot,
  the engine that SkyOfSteel is built in. These modifications were
  largely untested, they caused the game to not launch at all on some
  systems, and made building the game for release a much larger pain
  than it should have been.

All in all cutting mod support is me recognizing this example of sunk
cost fallacy, cutting dead weight which did not significantly add to
gameplay, and freeing up SkyOfSteel to a bunch more features and
gameplay additions in the future.


<br>
<br>


## Changelog
* Removed mod support
<br><br>
* Improved player physics
<br><br>
* Added player crouching (shift key)
<br><br>
* Added player sliding when crouching
<br><br>
* Removed sprinting (now always running unless crouching)
<br><br>
* Removed wall kicking (jump+crouch can reach heights of one wall)
<br><br>
* Improved game appearance by shading tile faces based on angle to
  sun. Thanks Stenodyon!
<br><br>
* Removed arm from viewmodel
<br><br>
* Added viewmodel momentum
<br><br>
* All player inventory is now managed on the server
<br><br>
* Added player teams, when a player is on another team you cannot see
  their nametag. Friendly fire still exists
<br><br>
* Other player's movement is now interpolated improving combat with laggy opponents
<br><br>
* And many *many* bugfixes


<br>
<br>
<br>


# Remember to rate on Itch, share with your friends, and until next time, Cheers!

<br>

<iframe src="https://itch.io/embed/372880?linkback=true&amp;border_width=5&amp;bg_color=77b0ff&amp;fg_color=000000&amp;link_color=14e500&amp;border_color=4c4c56"
			  width="800" height="175" frameborder="0"></iframe>

<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
