
# SkyOfSteel 0.1.5 Released + Building Competition!
<sup>Posted 8/14/19 by ForLoveOfCats</sup>


<br>
<br>


While SkyOfSteel generally targets a bi-weekly release schedule, this
update is out a few days late. My apologies. However this update does
include a special announcement!

<br>
<br>

## SkyOfSteel is hosting a building competition!

Specifically a combat arena building competition! This competition
spans from the release of 0.1.5 (8/14/19) until September the 7th 2019
(9/7/19) at 11:59 EST.

Your map should be designed for one of two styles: free for all arena
and attack defend. In free for all players will be continually
spawning in at various locations in the map in order to duke it
out. On the other hand is attack defend where two teams will take
turns either attacking or defending a location on the map. These two
gamemodes will be shipping in 0.1.6 in a few weeks.

Teaming up with others is highly encouraged as is thoroughly
playtesting your maps! Experiment, try new things, and have fun!

There is a channel on the SkyOfSteel [Discord
server](https://discordapp.com/invite/Ag5Yckw) where you can upload
your map's folder as a compressed zip file. Make sure to get it
submitted before the deadline but not too soon! Remember, 0.1.6 will
include these two gamemodes and you need to perform required setup for
your map in these gamemodes before submission. In addition there is
likely a new weapon or two in the pipeline ;)

The best few maps will be selected for a public multiplayer event, use
in a new SkyOfSteel trailer, and inclusion in the game itself! Good
luck to all and have fun!


<br>
<br>


## Changelog
* Added HUD damage indicators. These point to the direction you have
taken damage from before fading out. [Initial implementation
contributed by TriangleDot]
<br>
<br>
* Added teams. Every player can set which team they are on via the
pause menu and they can only see the name tags of the players on their
team. Note: friendly fire is a thing
<br>
<br>
* Added recoil. When firing, your aim will jolt up before smoothly
returning to your original aim point. This is designed for our
semi-auto weapons. When full auto firearms are introduced we will have
a different recoil system for them.
<br>
<br>
* Added the Scattershock, a rapid fire, high spread shotgun. This
thing shreds in close quarters combat so watch out!
<br>
<br>
* Rebalanced the Thunderbolt. It now only requires three bodyshots to
  kill instead of the pior five.
<br>
<br>
* Added aiming down "sights". While SkyOfSteel does not actually have
weapon sights, this has the same effect. When holding right click
with a weapon the camera will zoom in, look sensitivity is reduced,
rate of fire is increased, recoil is reduced, and the Scattershock's
spread is tightened. In addition one cannot wall kick when ads, and
holding space will not auto bhop during ads as well.



<br>
<br>
<br>



## And now a message from our sponsor, YOU!
SkyOfSteel is, and always will be, free. However if you enjoy
SkyOfSteel and value my work, any support on
[Patreon](https://www.patreon.com/user?u=19556107) is greatly
appreciated. If you cannot help to support me financially or do not
wish to, thank you anyway for your support and interest!


<br>
<br>
<br>


# Remember to rate on Itch, share with your friends, and until next time, Cheers!

<br>

<iframe src="https://itch.io/embed/372880?linkback=true&amp;border_width=5&amp;bg_color=77b0ff&amp;fg_color=000000&amp;link_color=14e500&amp;border_color=4c4c56"
			  width="800" height="175" frameborder="0"></iframe>

<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
