
# SkyOfSteel 0.1.4 Released!
<sup>Posted 7/28/19 by ForLoveOfCats</sup>


<br>
<br>


## Changelog
* Added new player model
    * Added third person head pitch rotation. You can now see where
      other people are looking!
    * Added third person item holding. You can now see what item other
      people have selected!
    * Added dynamic leg angle based on momentum. The faster you go the
      farther forward or backward your legs will tilt as if to propel you in
      that direction.
    * Added flame particles to legs. These fire whenever the player is
      moving horizontally or is jumping.
<br>
<br>
* Enabled mipmapping on the triangle wall texture
<br>
<br>
* Rename `Structure` to `Tile` internally. This is a breaking change for mods.
<br>
<br>
* Increased player size by 50%
<br>
<br>
* Refactored building system to be more maintainable as well as lower
  barriers for mod provided tiles in the future.
<br>
<br>
* Fixed being able to place walls an triangle walls at the same location.
<br>
<br>
* Redesigned rocket jumper's rocket collision. The rocket's now
  determine their collision point much more accurately.
<br>
<br>
* Rocket jumper rockets no longer push items and players through
surfaces. (Required the more accurate rocket collision)
<br>
<br>
* Rocket jumper rockets now come from center of player instead of
  eyes. This improves behavior when speed jumping off a wall.
<br>
<br>
* Retextured rocket jumper to indicate that it applies no damage.
<br>
<br>
* Retextured rocket jumper's rocket to indicate that it applies no damage.
<br>
<br>
* Recolored rocket jumper's rocket explosion particles to indicate that is applies no damage.
<br>
<br>
* Added `World.DebugPlot` which allows for easy printf style debugging of code which manipulates 3d positions.
<br>
<br>
* Added cooldown mechanic. Now when switching, using, and placing
  items a short cooldown will be applied (length varies by
  action). Using and placing items is prevented during this short
  period and in some cases switching hotbar slots is also
  blocked. (See MineCraft's attack cooldown)
    * This also has an accompanying progress bar under crosshair
      showing the current cooldown.
<br>
<br>
* Added basic FPS combat.
    * Player health (with HUD element)
    * Different damage values based on which hitbox is hit
    * Basic recoil system (currently unused)
    * Bullet trails which gently fade away
    * Hitsound and killsound
<br>
<br>
* Added the Thunderbolt, the first firearm in SkyOfSteel. It is a high
  powered laser pistol which is designed to reward headshots.
    * The damage values are:
        * Headshot: 100 dmg
        * Bodyshot: 20 dmg
        * Legshot: 10 dmg
<br>
<br>
* Increased the size of dropped items by 100% (they are now twice their previous size)
<br>
<br>
* Changed dropped item collision shape to a sphere instead of cube
<br>
<br>
* Increased dropped item gravity
<br>
<br>
* Added viewmodel to see yourself holding the currently selected item
<br>
<br>
* Fixed bug where holding jump or crouch while flying would increase
  the player's speed so high that no movement inputs would have any
  affect until jump/crouch was released.
<br>
<br>
* Increased flying sprint speed greatly
<br>
<br>
* Prevented crash from occurring when changing world saves which dropped
  items exist in chunks which do not exist in the save file being
  loaded.
<br>
<br>
* Removed "recovery" movement mechanic where wall kicking or rocket
  jumping would reduce the effectiveness of air strafing for a very
  short period of time.
<br>
<br>
* Added pressing crouch while in the air will give you half max
  falling speed unless you are already falling at or exceeding that
  speed.


<br>
<br>
<br>



## And now a message from our sponsor, YOU!
SkyOfSteel is, and always will be, free. However if you enjoy
SkyOfSteel and value my work, any support on
[Patreon](https://www.patreon.com/user?u=19556107) is greatly
appreciated. If you cannot help to support me financially or do not
wish to, thank you anyway for your support and interest!


<br>
<br>
<br>


# Remember to rate on Itch, share with your friends, and until next time, Cheers!

<br>

<iframe src="https://itch.io/embed/372880?linkback=true&amp;border_width=5&amp;bg_color=77b0ff&amp;fg_color=000000&amp;link_color=14e500&amp;border_color=4c4c56"
			  width="800" height="175" frameborder="0"></iframe>

<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
